Clarify the use case for Strict Locals (#53135)
rails/rails: guides/source/action_view_overview.md

<% end %>
```

[local_assigns]:
    https://api.rubyonrails.org/classes/ActionView/Template.html#method-i-local_assigns

### Strict Locals

Action View partials are compiled into regular Ruby methods under the hood.

> Because of a Ruby limitation, every single combinaison of `locals` passed to

Reviewer: @byroot "combinaison" is misspelled. It should be: "combination".

> Because of a Ruby limitation, every single combinaison of `locals` passed to
> a partial requires compiling another version:

Reviewer 2: I don't mind this wording, but don't really see it as a Ruby limitation so much as a quirk of Ruby's syntax

```suggestion
In Ruby method calls and local variable access look the same, so every single
combination of `locals` passed to a partial requires compiling another version:
```

If you don't think that's clearer though, yours is fine. 👍

```html+erb
<%# app/views/articles/show.html.erb %>
<%= render partial: "article", layout: "box", locals: { article: @article } %>
<%= render partial: "article", layout: "box", locals: { article: @article, theme: "dark" } %>
```

The above snippet will cause the partial to be compiled twice, taking more time and using more memory.

> When the number of combinaisons is small, it's not really a problem, but if it's large, you can use

Reviewer: @byroot "combinaisons" is misspelled. It should be: "combinations".

Reviewer: commented to help, while learning about the PR
